You wait for me, you wait for me
It's not over yet.
The tragedy of your Xu family
It's just the beginning.
Wife
The peanut pork foot soup I made for you today
The food in the hospital is good
Why are you still making soup for me? How troublesome?
No matter what.
Mmm, it smells good.
Fragrance Well, I'm afraid you'll get tired of it.
Change the taste for you occasionally.
Come on, I'm almost recovered.
I'll give it to me myself, okay?
Hey, hey, be careful, it's hot
How was it?
Good drink, good drink, drink more
It's amazing. I asked the doctor today.
The doctor said that my illness has almost recovered
Just come to the hospital regularly for follow-up exams
Let's leave the hospital today, let's go
Let's wait.
Are you afraid that cigars will target me?
I'm afraid they'll jump over the wall in a hurry
Do something that hurts you
Wife
Give me a little more time.
Ah, I see.
You don't care what you do.
Ensure your own safety
You know what?
Xiaoni, I promised you to pay attention.